hello my lover's around the world so
we're on some Valentine's season love is
in the air we can breathe it everywhere
so I'm going to prepare the perfect
steak for Valentine's Day here you have
the greatest ribeye steak two big ones
so sexy so let's season things up and I
will put a little bit of salt some black
pepper dress it up make it beautiful
some olive oil a hot pan
my beautiful sexy rib eye be over there
baby over here have the steak the sexy
thing but I am using all the love you
know because it's a special day and I
will make a beautiful sauce over here
using the other guest the red wine of
course half a glass of red wine in a hot
pan I will add two tablespoons of sugar
you can use Muscovado or regular sugar
brown sugar while my sugar is reducing
with the wine and making a wonderful
sauce my hot pan is asking me for some
attention and my steak meets two turns
with the other side oh my gosh
lovely my steaks are doing great now
coming back to the sauce over here I
have raspberries blueberries so I will
add a couple of spoons to it
this is like the romantic part of the
dish and the other one is a sexy part
and I will add some fresh cherries that
they have over here on the super we have
seasoned cherry now in Argentina once
the sauce has reduced and it is lovely
let's turn it down and let's go with our
steaks which are almost ready or I think
they are so I will remove them from the
pan oh yeah this crust so I will live my
steaks to rest for a couple of minutes
in the meantime over here I have amazing
liquids remains of the steak so I will
give that a little bit of a twist using
another butter over there baby
now I have pre boiled some potatoes with
the skin very rustic now I am in a hurry
because they have all all of it ready so
I will break them with my hands just
like this tear them break oh don't
forget to crush a garlic finish them up
with some salt and pepper
so once these guys are ready let's take
the beautiful steak oh my god what would
be of the steak in the potatoes in there
I will add some chopped types to the
potato now it's time to give some love
to my beautiful steak the red a
wonderful sauce
so lovely it is very difficult for me
now to share it with my couple but I
will solve either if you're alone or in
a couple in this love day is a great
excuse to eat good food a great piece of
steak
little potatoes and romantic sauce on
top
my name is Felicitas Pizarro and happy
Valentine's Day
subscribe to my channel if you want to
see more of these videos share it like
it and leave your comment below let me
know which recipes are you hungry for